lang/en/checklist.md, before:

## Best Practices

- [ ] Prefer [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) or [Redis](https://redis.io/) as broker (never use a relational database as production broker).
- [ ] Do not use complex objects in task as parameters. E.g.: Avoid Django model objects.
```
# Good
@app.task
def my_task(user_id):
    user = User.objects.get(id=user_id)
    print(user.name)
    # ...
```

```
# Bad
@app.task
def my_task(user):
    print(user.name)
    # ...
```
- [ ] Do not wait for other tasks inside a task.
- [ ] Prefer idempotent tasks.
> "Idempotence is the property of certain operations in mathematics and computer science, that can be applied multiple times without changing the result beyond the initial application." - Wikipedia
- [ ] Prefer atomic tasks.
> "An operation (or set of operations) is atomic ... if it appears to the rest of the system to occur instantaneously. Atomicity is a guarantee of isolation from concurrent processes. Additionally, atomic operations commonly have a succeed-or-fail definition—they either successfully change the state of the system, or have no apparent effect." - Wikipedia
- [ ] Retry when possible. But make sure tasks are idempotent and atomic before doing so. [(Retrying)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#retrying)
- [ ] Set `retry_limit` to avoid broken tasks to keep retrying forever.
- [ ] Exponentially backoff if things look like they are not going to get fixed soon. Throw in a random factor to avoid cluttering services.
```
def exponential_backoff(task_self):
    minutes = task_self.default_retry_delay / 60
    rand = random.uniform(minutes, minutes * 1.3)
    return int(rand ** task_self.request.retries) * 60

# in the task
self.retry(exc=e, countdown=exponential_backoff(self))
```
- [ ] For tasks that require high level of reliability, use `acks_late` in combination with `retry`. Again, make sure taks are idempotent and atomic. [(Should I use retry or acks_late?)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/faq.html#faq-acks-late-vs-retry)
- [ ] Set hard and soft time limits. Recover gracefully if things take longer than expected.
```
from celery.exceptions import SoftTimeLimitExceeded

@app.task(task_time_limit=60, task_soft_time_limit=45)
def my_task():
    try:
        something_possibly_long()
    except SoftTimeLimitExceeded:
        recover()
```
- [ ] Use multiple queues to have more control over throughput and make things more scalable. [(Routing Tasks)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/routing.html)
- [ ] Extend the base task class to define default behaviour. [(Custom Task Classes)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#custom-task-classes)
- [ ] Use canvas features to control task flows and deal with concurrency. [(Canvas: Designing Work-flows)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/canvas.html)

## Monitoring & Tests

- [ ] Log as much as possible.
- [ ] In case of failure, make sure stack traces get logged and people get notified (services like [Sentry](https://sentry.io) are a good idea).
- [ ] Monitor activity using Flower. [(Flower: Real-time Celery web-monitor)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/monitoring.html#flower-real-time-celery-web-monitor)
- [ ] Use `task_always_eager` to test your tasks are geting called.

## Resources

- [Tips and Best Practices](http://celery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#tips-and-best-practices) from the official documentation.
- [Task Queues](https://www.fullstackpython.com/task-queues.html) by Full Stack Python
- [Flower: Real-time Celery web-monitor](http://celery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/monitoring.html#flower-real-time-celery-web-monitor) from the official documentation.

### 2016

- [Celery Best Practices: practical approach](https://khashtamov.com/en/celery-best-practices-practical-approach/) by Adil

### 2015

- [3 GOTCHAS FOR CELERY](https://wiredcraft.com/blog/3-gotchas-for-celery/) from Wiredcraft

### 2014

- [CELERY - BEST PRACTICES](https://denibertovic.com/posts/celery-best-practices/) by Deni Bertovic
- [Hacker News thread on the above post](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7909201)
- [[video] Painting on a Distributed Canvas: An Advanced Guide to Celery Workflows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoMu8vhdc-A) by David Gouldin
- [Celery in Production](https://www.caktusgroup.com/blog/2014/09/29/celery-production/) by Dan Poirier from Caktus Group
- [[video] Implementing Celery, Lessons Learned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmtSe0yPi6I) by Michael Robellard

### 2012

- [[video] Advanced Celery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpKMwPoldak&t=1416s) by Ask Solem Hoel

### Undated

- [Celery Best Practices](https://blog.balthazar-rouberol.com/celery-best-practices) by Balthazar Rouberol

Commit message:

Add get_task_logger info in English.

lang/en/checklist.md, after:

## Best Practices

- [ ] Prefer [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) or [Redis](https://redis.io/) as broker (never use a relational database as production broker).
- [ ] Do not use complex objects in task as parameters. E.g.: Avoid Django model objects.
```
# Good
@app.task
def my_task(user_id):
    user = User.objects.get(id=user_id)
    print(user.name)
    # ...
```

```
# Bad
@app.task
def my_task(user):
    print(user.name)
    # ...
```
- [ ] Do not wait for other tasks inside a task.
- [ ] Prefer idempotent tasks.
> "Idempotence is the property of certain operations in mathematics and computer science, that can be applied multiple times without changing the result beyond the initial application." - Wikipedia
- [ ] Prefer atomic tasks.
> "An operation (or set of operations) is atomic ... if it appears to the rest of the system to occur instantaneously. Atomicity is a guarantee of isolation from concurrent processes. Additionally, atomic operations commonly have a succeed-or-fail definition—they either successfully change the state of the system, or have no apparent effect." - Wikipedia
- [ ] Retry when possible. But make sure tasks are idempotent and atomic before doing so. [(Retrying)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#retrying)
- [ ] Set `retry_limit` to avoid broken tasks to keep retrying forever.
- [ ] Exponentially backoff if things look like they are not going to get fixed soon. Throw in a random factor to avoid cluttering services.
```
def exponential_backoff(task_self):
    minutes = task_self.default_retry_delay / 60
    rand = random.uniform(minutes, minutes * 1.3)
    return int(rand ** task_self.request.retries) * 60

# in the task
self.retry(exc=e, countdown=exponential_backoff(self))
```
- [ ] For tasks that require high level of reliability, use `acks_late` in combination with `retry`. Again, make sure taks are idempotent and atomic. [(Should I use retry or acks_late?)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/faq.html#faq-acks-late-vs-retry)
- [ ] Set hard and soft time limits. Recover gracefully if things take longer than expected.
```
from celery.exceptions import SoftTimeLimitExceeded

@app.task(task_time_limit=60, task_soft_time_limit=45)
def my_task():
    try:
        something_possibly_long()
    except SoftTimeLimitExceeded:
        recover()
```
- [ ] Use multiple queues to have more control over throughput and make things more scalable. [(Routing Tasks)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/routing.html)
- [ ] Extend the base task class to define default behaviour. [(Custom Task Classes)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#custom-task-classes)
- [ ] Use canvas features to control task flows and deal with concurrency. [(Canvas: Designing Work-flows)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/canvas.html)

## Monitoring & Tests

- [ ] Log as much as possible. Use `get_task_logger` to automatically get the task name and unique id as part of the logs.
- [ ] In case of failure, make sure stack traces get logged and people get notified (services like [Sentry](https://sentry.io) are a good idea).
- [ ] Monitor activity using Flower. [(Flower: Real-time Celery web-monitor)](http://docs.celeryproject.org/en/latest/userguide/monitoring.html#flower-real-time-celery-web-monitor)
- [ ] Use `task_always_eager` to test your tasks are geting called.

## Resources

- [Tips and Best Practices](http://celery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/tasks.html#tips-and-best-practices) from the official documentation.
- [Task Queues](https://www.fullstackpython.com/task-queues.html) by Full Stack Python
- [Flower: Real-time Celery web-monitor](http://celery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/monitoring.html#flower-real-time-celery-web-monitor) from the official documentation.

### 2016

- [Celery Best Practices: practical approach](https://khashtamov.com/en/celery-best-practices-practical-approach/) by Adil

### 2015

- [3 GOTCHAS FOR CELERY](https://wiredcraft.com/blog/3-gotchas-for-celery/) from Wiredcraft

### 2014

- [CELERY - BEST PRACTICES](https://denibertovic.com/posts/celery-best-practices/) by Deni Bertovic
- [Hacker News thread on the above post](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7909201)
- [[video] Painting on a Distributed Canvas: An Advanced Guide to Celery Workflows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoMu8vhdc-A) by David Gouldin
- [Celery in Production](https://www.caktusgroup.com/blog/2014/09/29/celery-production/) by Dan Poirier from Caktus Group
- [[video] Implementing Celery, Lessons Learned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmtSe0yPi6I) by Michael Robellard

### 2012

- [[video] Advanced Celery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpKMwPoldak&t=1416s) by Ask Solem Hoel

### Undated

- [Celery Best Practices](https://blog.balthazar-rouberol.com/celery-best-practices) by Balthazar Rouberol
